Feature/update amex jest preset (#7)
americanexpress/amex-jest-preset-react: README.md

- [moduleNameMapper](http://facebook.github.io/jest/docs/en/configuration.html#modulenamemapper-object-string-string) tells Jest to treat CSS modules as identity objects

> - [setupFilesAfterEnv](http://facebook.github.io/jest/docs/en/configuration.html#setuptestframeworkscriptfile-string) is where we setup [enzyme with enzyme-adapter-react-16](http://airbnb.io/enzyme/docs/installation/react-16.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [setupFilesAfterEnv](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/configuration.html#setupfilesafterenv-array) is where we setup [enzyme with enzyme-adapter-react-16](http://airbnb.io/enzyme/docs/installation/react-16.html)
```
